[ie/zan] Add extractor (#16086)
yt-dlp/yt-dlp: README.md

* `client`: Client to extract video data from. The currently available clients are `android`, `ios`, `macos` and `web`. Only one client can be used. The `macos` client is used by default, but the `web` client is used when logged-in. The `web` client only works with account cookies or login credentials. The `android` and `ios` clients only work with previously cached OAuth tokens
* `original_format_policy`: Policy for when to try extracting original formats. One of `always`, `never`, or `auto`. The default `auto` policy tries to avoid exceeding the web client's API rate-limit by only making an extra request when Vimeo publicizes the video's downloadability

#### zan

> * `angle`: Angle number to download from multi-angle streams, starting from 1

Reviewer: I was thinking this would be a toggle since the user could then use format selection to choose a specific angle

e.g.
- `split_angles=false` (default) would return the uncropped/unsplit formats (no re-encoding)
- `split_angles=true` would return all split multi-angle formats, and `-f` would handle the rest

Reviewer: so basically like you had it originally, except `split_angles=false` would make `_multiangle_formats` a no-op.

Or maybe I'm misunderstanding something. Does my idea make sense?

Author: yes, that makes sense
it's close to my original approach

> * `split_angles`: Split multi-angle streams into separate angle formats, disabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `split_angles`: Split multi-angle streams into separate angle formats. Forces re-encoding of the video stream during download, and requires ffmpeg. Either `true` or `false` (default)
```
